This must be Wang Defa
Only he can do such a thing.
I said how it worked last time
A tree stood in the way.
He won't admit it without professional evidence.
Then we swallowed it like this.
Don't worry, how much tea is still produced at home?
About 600 catties
It is ready to continue to run through our brand in the future.
Get in the car first
I'll try it.
Get this out of the way.
Why not?
This matter will not be solved.
Later, it was all delayed.
Too short tempo
Xiaolin, what are you busy with?
What are you doing?
What about Wang Decheng with a bride price?
I went to Li Mingyue's house to propose marriage
It must be Wang Defa's attention
I don't think so.
Since the riot at the last wedding
A lot of people quit
Someone quit.
But I can't stand that Wang Decheng, he doesn't care
He's a divorced man.
He cares about those
If only I could marry a big girl like Li Mingyue
He has to be happy every day.
Not so much?
I believe in Li Mingyue
Even if Li Mingyue has a hundred infatuations for you
That one
If you don't live with him, that mother is an open-minded owner.
If this is a bride price from Wangdecheng
What do you say?
Oh, he belongs to a big girl's family.
What can I say?
Go and have a look.
Don't regret it then, it's too late
Yes, Brother Xiaolin, go quickly
I'll run this again.
Anyway, this time, even if there is a mountain ahead
I ran to him too
Not so much?
Someone must be watching
I'll go to Lu Mingyue's house first
Other things when I get back
Well, you should go quickly.